add
a
widget
do
you
know
everything
no
when
do
you
want
to
ride
today
she
has
Richard
nice
take
them
history
reads
take
them
Eric
Garner
went
on
the
river
at
night
for
Tampa
Bay
weather
Wood
door
Sage
real
from
UConn
where
are
you
going
what
are
you
doing
watch
a
lot
of
food
you
are
splitting
a
living
here
they're
going
to
have
it
what's
full
where
is
boxer
that
created
they
keeping
me
the
basket
I
need
to
getting
dry
is
getting
old
has
brother
that's
why
I'm
spitting
would
have
kept
getting
dried
up
nicely
on
top
of
the
world
drying
up
nicely
how
do
you
get
with
your
mood
all
I
have
to
do
school
they're
not
dropping
to
the
bowl
and
when
I
cry
and
when
you
are
across
what
do
you
with
it
on
to
a
friend.
People
not
kill
you
find
a
half
job
through
the
smoke-hole
first
thing
I
do
is
to
drink
sex
with
you
long
enough
Niagara
Canada.
I
didn't
want
to
destroy
any
called
and
the
bullet
came
across
of
itself
into
it
I'm
not
a
trained
got
across
safely
I
did
jump
through
the
smoke-hole
he
had
grabbed
his
brother
from
the
back
and
hit
it
someone
said
are
you
ready
but
you
did
not
say
anything.
Quietly
little
garden
snake
the
people
in
the
house
so
they
went
to
bed
with
me
the
people
it's
not
the
enemy
Erica
and
whipped
cream
she
said
Fidelity
Canada
if
you
want
to
eat
track
meet.
vodka
made
from
but
I
don't
like
anything
about
the
rules
do
you
speak
the
language
of
the
gazelles
yes
Oreo
shake
I
know
beginning
to
get
e
to
do
this
song
business
maybe
I
want
to
become
a
medicine
man
and
I
need
to
understand
the
language
Billy
Boyd
Kimbo
interrupted
medicine
man
this
says
tops
what
is
instead
you
know
I
like
the
sounds
of
that
language
I
cannot
understand
a
word
of
it
Wichita
frosted
you
noticed
that
good
for
you
have
to
whisper
in
that
language
you're
kind
of
Whispers
them
what
you
doing
word
Google
well
it's
their
end
of
it
which
means
then
Six
Flags
that
means
the
place
where
he
is
in
the
hospital
that
your
whisper
at
the
end
which
means
songs
like
birthday
dad
songs
gun
Nerf
fox
said
I
know
it
tastes
that
you
stop
a
different
proposal
or
songs
to
catch
your
breath
at
the
end
of
this
song
so
you
cash
it
and
say
the
word
do
you
said
and
then
you'll
always
have
my
people
singing
how's
it
going
around
all
right
I
didn't
get
much
more
for
you
good
night